feat(nuxt): support `deep: false` for data composables (#23600)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/1.composables/use-state.md

::ReadMore{link="/docs/getting-started/state-management"}
::

## Using `shallowRef`

> If you don't need your state to be deeply reactive, you can combine `useState` with [`shallowRef`](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-advanced.html#shallowref). This is usefull for performance optimizations of large data structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need your state to be deeply reactive, you can combine `useState` with [`shallowRef`](https://vuejs.org/api/reactivity-advanced.html#shallowref). This will improve performance when your state contains large objects and arrays.
```
